Magalie Marcellus: Along
Magalie Marcellus: I will be individual
Magalie Marcellus: All want to do that and I'm
Trying to get
Magalie Marcellus: The overwhelming you
Ready for a long time.
Today,
Magalie Marcellus: We are just out of South Korea 129 areas. We're here to help.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Hey Don,
Galaxy J2: I'm all right.
Galaxy J2: Knowing your numbers, the same one every two weeks, going to go through Leo and
Galaxy J2: And no
Galaxy J2: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Policy. They still want you to go to virtual because they have to check you in before you come into session.
Galaxy J2: Was
Galaxy J2: Still want to do that.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Yeah. Cuz that's how they check you.
Galaxy J2: Just go straight to you then. So, all right.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But if their
Galaxy J2: Name right
Magalie Marcellus: I'm flood the most of the sessions. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How you been,
Galaxy J2: Well, guess what men really miserable because of this virus stuff in front of mine three nights ago passed away died from it.
Galaxy J2: And that's that they canceled my surgery again.
Galaxy J2: And guess what I got a call about three hours ago there scares me for May 7 now for the hip replacement. So it'll
Galaxy J2: Be here before I know what I better get I got this breathing machine here that are not a machine. Can you see it.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's fun for you to test your lungs.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, my lungs.
Galaxy J2: Want me to try to do some heart.
Galaxy J2: My heart because my mother.
Galaxy J2: Or at 14 are supposed to be at 60 or
Magalie Marcellus: 70 yeah so I know the last time you spoke, we will you went to earlier meetings a week because you wanted to share something so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'd like to hear what was going on then.
Galaxy J2: Last time we were talking, what do we end up talking about
Galaxy J2: You, Bob.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, one other thing. You had mentioned you are concerned with your urine.
Galaxy J2: With
The
Galaxy J2: Ball every 45 minutes
Magalie Marcellus: Now, but you said there was a one of those
Magalie Marcellus: Chemical that showed up clean play a testing.
Galaxy J2: Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, I had
Galaxy J2: Jake, I talked to James about it.
Galaxy J2: Now, man. Oh, I only did one you can blame me. If you want a
Galaxy J2: I had to do some work, get my pickup up here, even though I can't walk, but I can
Galaxy J2: One good leg.
And
Galaxy J2: Take a bus in the back by the garage and they want to work on the garage here. So I had somebody helped me get out and I had to clean out the back
Galaxy J2: I got my wife's clothes still in the back in plastic bags probably ruined to this range and went through a winner back there. I didn't go through them yet probably all mold, but nobody minds is here, but I was tired. I was up all night and sleep and good
Galaxy J2: But she gave me a new drug called
Galaxy J2: Hydroxide and drag seen
Galaxy J2: That
Galaxy J2: Name person.
Galaxy J2: That's helping but she told me to take one don't work. Take two at a time at night. Well, I did not run out, she called in another script, but it's too early to fill it.
Magalie Marcellus: I see.
Galaxy J2: Children right you know
Tonight.
Magalie Marcellus: This is supposed to be happier with what is the sleeping.
Sleeping.
Galaxy J2: Now, so that day I had all the work to do and
Galaxy J2: Not just that, of
Galaxy J2: This place when we got people painting. We got people actually garage. We got people just moved in. Down below me.
Galaxy J2: That's another thing they're trying to get me into a nursing home.
Galaxy J2: After surgery and
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, we
Magalie Marcellus: Don't
Galaxy J2: Because I'm upstairs, and I won't be able to do the stairs for a while.
Magalie Marcellus: I see.
Galaxy J2: Amana duplex maybe
And
Galaxy J2: There were supposed to call me back yet tonight, but they haven't
Galaxy J2: So I don't know why they haven't let me know.
Galaxy J2: I told him where I would like to go, you know, to or
Galaxy J2: Treatment or, you know, my aftercare.
Galaxy J2: Over
Galaxy J2: Our you know no point place here in Toledo. Do you
Magalie Marcellus: Know I'm not familiar with.
Galaxy J2: The place that my sister's been their friends of mine have been there.
Galaxy J2: SOME FRIENDS DIED IN THERE, but
Galaxy J2: It's real close to my brothers and my
Galaxy J2: town I grew up in, and I know some people there. So I'm trying to get out there so they should I can't from ship, but we're gonna try to get you. If not,
Galaxy J2: I guess I'm here.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, but I, are you going to be in any type of we have after you're done with the surgery.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so we have visit in home. Are you gonna be staying somewhere to get
Galaxy J2: Get me in and my well Lena know I got retirement benefits.
Magalie Marcellus: I was real happy. A couple weeks. I told you.
Magalie Marcellus: My son, he is here waiting
Galaxy J2: For God got it. My son's getting like almost $700 a month, but I tried talking to him.
Galaxy J2: And I want to kind of make it where she's got to meet me to get these papers like she has assigned something
Galaxy J2: And then she causes Dave
It was
Galaxy J2: It was a day after I told her about meeting. We're going to meet on a Thursday night, and I've been really
Galaxy J2: Wondering what's my son's been doing without being in school. This time, what does he do all day and she, I don't know. She's been going to work his older sister, like I told you, Maggie didn't ever meet my son at 12 years old until her mother.
Galaxy J2: Her mother had a
Galaxy J2: I didn't know why the heads relationship. The head is my first met Robin back in old for Shia
Galaxy J2: Stephanie was over the house all the time was a child, and I watch so derivation or a couple years, but soon as our other sister come around Jana, where I was living there, about two months ago, till she stole $400 from me a
Galaxy J2: piece.com around and we're going to church every Sunday together here.
Galaxy J2: Food grow up for a shirt germs Leto and Stephanie.
Galaxy J2: I just found out recently. She's in the witchcraft. Did I tell you she don't like Brian
Magalie Marcellus: Know that
Magalie Marcellus: But there's something has happened since the last time was
Magalie Marcellus: Between me
Galaxy J2: Be shy, just one at the Dr.
Galaxy J2: Richard Jamison a that worry color red line or something.
Galaxy J2: awake. Yeah, but she's worried about raising my blood pressure because I have problems with my bud. Right.
Galaxy J2: So I had no business taken that I see you won't see it again.
Galaxy J2: But that
Galaxy J2: Told you.
Galaxy J2: About my son.
Galaxy J2: Exactly. She got on my case. Oh, he don't miss you that much. He, he's doing fine. I mean, you don't know the relationship I have with my son and I, you know what, I took a picture of this letter that he wrote me Christmas.
Galaxy J2: And
Magalie Marcellus: Watch it elaborate
Galaxy J2: And and she brought to him like he was mad at them and read it to him. And he said, I didn't, I didn't like that. I can't believe it. She told me that he did not write it and all that just shows me how scared he is to try to get a hold of me. I got to meet my wife's ex husband with
Galaxy J2: His three kids.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Galaxy J2: Ross is constantly trying to go down and weekends, since this virus thing he'd been able to go over there because when he goes over there. He calls me or I'll go see him, you know,
Galaxy J2: And Stephanie and I know we met Christmas and that's when I got just letter here and it's a shame. He had to tell her that. No, I didn't write it. It's a beautiful letter. When I read it out loud at the grape leaves were all Christmas Eve.
Galaxy J2: When a dry eye in two places sisters and brothers are there except for his oldest sister. I like to read it to you.
Galaxy J2: It says, Hey, Dad. Merry Christmas.
Galaxy J2: I love you, you know, I haven't am able to see you. But we'll get that figured out. I've been through so much together. We have Steph Curry will never
Galaxy J2: ever be able to separate us from each other. Just remember, I love you. I hope you like that. What I got you. You got me a pair of Levi's a room. Nice shirt.
Galaxy J2: Two shirts and a pocket watch and says world's greatest dad and I got this picture.
Galaxy J2: Anyway, then it says keep the smile when you're when you're sad.
Galaxy J2: The my glasses on.
Galaxy J2: Of the remember the good times we've had to go. I've been
Galaxy J2: I didn't have to work so steady in the last few years because of my health, I got an SSI. I still hold pitched in Brooklyn, a show my dad died.
Galaxy J2: In his wife sold the business. Now I take Bronson with me used to haul live fish on my life since 78 anyway. Remember, the most important thing dad is love.
Galaxy J2: You can't buy that. Now, he, he wrote this himself, he wouldn't let someone else. Write it or tell him how to write it. Love you, Dad. If you ever feel sad. Look at this.
Galaxy J2: And remember, I love you anyway. Stephanie read that.
Magalie Marcellus: What
Magalie Marcellus: He went out and gave it to your when you saw him in December.
Galaxy J2: Yeah. David for Christmas, we all met at a restaurant. He was with his
Galaxy J2: My wife's ex husband and his other brothers and sisters very like
Galaxy J2: 29. No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: You didn't say the
Team.
Galaxy J2: And 14 or 29 1960 Bailey 16 Connors
Galaxy J2: J and Cody so many core and these are kids that
Galaxy J2: Don't get along with Stephanie and Tom Robbins ex husband.
Galaxy J2: Of they're married 12 years and you don't agree with what Stephanie's doing keeping him from me.
Galaxy J2: But now her getting that 700 a month. I'm going to play. Heck, trying to get him back.
Galaxy J2: I got a place I want to look at his, on his boss line. I don't want to take them out of another school
Magalie Marcellus: But
Magalie Marcellus: As you put
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz you said you're trying to get to a nursing home. Is it in the same area where his. So how would you take care of them.
Galaxy J2: As well, I can't enjoy
Galaxy J2: You know I gotta be seen three days a week there.
Galaxy J2: No, a summer common
Galaxy J2: But a time school starts. I'll be running the
Galaxy J2: Miles, you know, I want to get my head and be
Magalie Marcellus: Able to
Magalie Marcellus: Again,
Galaxy J2: And I want to get a
Galaxy J2: Voice on his bus line. Now, do you know anything about this Bronson. If I go to court. I got a lawyer. I talked to her.
Galaxy J2: Oh, few days to go on a mentor card and night. I'm too late now, but she left me a message of all the kid has to be a VC says I want to live with my dad and my place is good enough for me to check out. Can I can't decide who wants to live with.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm not sure. At what age and that happens, but the Adobe. A good question for the lawyer.
Magalie Marcellus: And see you know what's in the
Galaxy J2: Statute talk
Galaxy J2: Talk to your secretary enough you finally called. Man, I miss
Galaxy J2: I
Think and also
Magalie Marcellus: And also the main thing right now. You need stable housing and then, you know, then they can look into whether you know if your mobile and I'll
Galaxy J2: See you over there. Joe, I got everything right, my back.
Galaxy J2: I paid on my times last week, almost all of them. So
Galaxy J2: That thousand dollars is
Galaxy J2: About paid off.
Galaxy J2: Gone from just
Galaxy J2: Give me my commercial driver's license back I might even Hall fish for another fish company like that used to be partners with me and my dad in of getting his own and we got real big. He's actually got my dad market in Brooklyn right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. So what made you think that um yes somewhere us or something again.
Galaxy J2: Branch of beer.
Magalie Marcellus: Once. And so what do you think make him said he didn't write the letter.
Galaxy J2: I don't know, but I've been wondering why he hasn't called me at all.
Galaxy J2: He was sneaking coming
Magalie Marcellus: Upon
Magalie Marcellus: But he's around older kids that has probably have fun. So
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, can they call when he's when he's
Galaxy J2: Don't do it.
Galaxy J2: Because he got in trouble for a while ago.
Galaxy J2: OK, now I realized why he don't do it because
Galaxy J2: He is so
Galaxy J2: He's so scared to hurt. He had just say he didn't write that letter.
Magalie Marcellus: It just
Galaxy J2: Tears me up there, he has some I just Stephanie, what you never look at his homework, you know, his writing. Look at it again. Is that right, yes see so scared you. I was upset and he's got a lag you about a letter he wrote his dad.
Galaxy J2: And as it out for me. I think it has something to do because her mother was never was her mother left her when they were 11 and then come around to learn or Juanita most and
Galaxy J2: They will generally gentlemen don't hate her mother like Stephanie does. I even access every over the years I seen the Texas use text your mother on Facebook and
Galaxy J2: On her messages and said how much you hated your mind or she just there screaming I hung up. She text me like 10 times and two minutes.
Galaxy J2: A day memory, which had to say. Because I don't say no, unless it's the truth. I try not to lie. And I remember the exact words you would write your mother and
Galaxy J2: It would make Robin, would you know get tears in her eyes but Robin was no angel. She did mess up, back when Bronson was 18 months old, though breastfeeding.
Galaxy J2: She was she got oxy cotton. I don't know why she didn't drop bottle.
Galaxy J2: dropped a, you know, nursing and putting the bottle, then me and her got into it. It was a bad time I walked out I was paying child support last
Galaxy J2: I paid for eight years anyway 320 a month, but she truck was me all the way up till you got pregnant, but then she was
Galaxy J2: Bleeding every day.
Galaxy J2: Had problems and she can talk more
Galaxy J2: When she got the C section. I think that's what got us started back on the bills.
Galaxy J2: Mondo, where she was mind feels. I can't believe she was
Galaxy J2: Doing oxy cotton, I can run leash you and drinking and then
Galaxy J2: I left November, and this is now about February.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, her
Galaxy J2: second daughter with her husband died.
Galaxy J2: Called me crying Mars going to jail. This, I said, what now what well she had her kids to get dropped off from school at times mother's house the color me mall.
Galaxy J2: Well, I wasn't paying her rent, no more. She threw me out and I'm practically living in a semi living in hotels and motels, this one on for that winner.
Galaxy J2: And she got evicted I'm I'm nice place. We had five years on the lake right on the water and my backyard was like Gary and we loved it anyway.
Galaxy J2: Just before she goes for sentencing. She's begging for me back.
Galaxy J2: And I went back. It was like a second honeymoon getting back together like summer so happy that we're back together. Then she won't disclose to get jail time. She got two years.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Galaxy J2: Tom are ex husband was in front of Judge Jeanine terms little that's a judge that don't let you get chopped probation, don't let you get a lawyer and try to get around half time all that
Galaxy J2: I'll be done. We've got a half time and she had to comply with six different things to this place called tasks. Maybe you have it in your city.
Galaxy J2: And she didn't do five of the six things one back to prison. Oh my god, I can't believe that I do and I watched you're getting escorted over to the jail and
Magalie Marcellus: So who was
Galaxy J2: A man.
Magalie Marcellus: Time he was with
Galaxy J2: My mom was outside a Common Pleas court. It was June 12 2009
Galaxy J2: And I didn't want to judge to know that she had some place for Monson the goal. And the lawyer said her husband are kind of split up right now. He's still breastfeeding a child in time her ex husband dumped in there and he pushed it he want her to get some jail time.
Galaxy J2: And then
Galaxy J2: Her Lori I paid for such a long get for Beijing's that she never been to jail before all companies for bad checks.
Galaxy J2: Be done
Galaxy J2: Saying my world.
Galaxy J2: That's my sister. She just got home here. I'm gonna put my your bug.
Galaxy J2: So that really
Galaxy J2: messed my world up for a while. I hadn't Bronson.
Galaxy J2: Time. Now I get to get her out a lot of money for a lawyer.
And
Galaxy J2: Then she violation goes back or can believe it, then why
Magalie Marcellus: So when she went back, did you keep Bronson. I was once on
Galaxy J2: Yes.
Galaxy J2: And I got a partial security. I was drunk driving him in New York with me every week.
Galaxy J2: John diapers. He went
Galaxy J2: Through the worst with raw and wanting
Galaxy J2: You know the breast, you know, babies are so addicted to that Robin breastfed our kids. So they were like three
Galaxy J2: I think that's
Galaxy J2: Too long. But
Galaxy J2: But here it was, it wasn't
Galaxy J2: In London aggressive as even as long as withdraws
Her daughter.
Galaxy J2: Her daughter told me she was getting them for every week and you're supposed to been going to my brother and my dad's why they never want to got him.
Galaxy J2: And Brian are generally say voice you want him so bad. So Baskin, they're going to be here in a minute to get them. I gotta bring them john that you want, leave the house and then no one would come over. So, so I knew that. Hey, you guys.
Galaxy J2: Land was some help. I'm on the phone with my counselor.
Galaxy J2: Anyway,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So, so then the concern.
Magalie Marcellus: That she had
Galaxy J2: Her. Oh, that was all nine
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so the content that you, you mentioned last week or two weeks ago was because of the letter was that what you will upsetting to
Galaxy J2: You heard about that last week.
Magalie Marcellus: No, no, no. Tony that you had something you want to share but
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I don't people
Galaxy J2: I never, I never showed it to Stephanie, Joe, she said something to me on the phone. I don't have to meet you up or down the social security and take care of myself.
Galaxy J2: As well. I want you to read it and jail much more money. Bronson's you're gonna get maybe open up saving them money like 700 a month now.
Magalie Marcellus: That's a good old man, he's
Galaxy J2: Gone, but I don't know nothing.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll definitely look into.
Magalie Marcellus: Some legal
Magalie Marcellus: Because I know you said you wanted to do that a few months back. So because it sounds like that's the only way you can, you'll be able to get some contacts with them says she's not being
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, fine. Oh.
Galaxy J2: And I even brought up that I heard, and I knew, I knew this for a fact.
Galaxy J2: And my boy told my brother one day around. Gee, I had him every weekend, up until that Facebook stuff and my brother, they didn't want to tell me that he's afraid what I could do to Stephanie.
Galaxy J2: That she's in witchcraft.
Galaxy J2: And that's fine found out she didn't like him Brian and
Galaxy J2: I had heard I seen her on a site on Instagram once and I don't know how I couldn't bring it back, but it didn't sound good is some of these other is the call. She was in the name of right now. I thought I could remember it, but
Galaxy J2: My girlfriend says, Boy, you are able to get blood and
Galaxy J2: Parts of his skin on your finger now nails for that what that one. Let's Dumpty had Oh awesome guy. I loved it. Bronson, like, to me, he worked at Jeep nights.
Galaxy J2: And who stayed home during the day was Stephanie work days and he's just a big teddy bear like guy one big that bad, but little chubby.
Galaxy J2: By took on some fishing and I liked him. Well, she got rid of him about a month and a half ago had a younger guy move in and they're getting married next week. I don't know what kind of guy is I don't know his name yet.
Galaxy J2: So as soon as I can. Maggie, that's my main concern right now as getting him bags.
Galaxy J2: looking better because I got almost got my faith.
Galaxy J2: I have my driver's license back
Magalie Marcellus: My focus is getting your health back
Magalie Marcellus: So said, you don't have to do any pre op stuff, are you
Galaxy J2: Ready. Oh, yeah.
Galaxy J2: I gotta go back through a couple things. He kg and
Galaxy J2: blood work. Make sure the
I'm not
Galaxy J2: Learning to the metal
Galaxy J2: But I mastered last time to time before I jump.
Galaxy J2: In and my arm, a while back I broke my shoulder. Pretty bad bone come out on my shoulder.
Magalie Marcellus: I want
Galaxy J2: To put a pin in about four inches long.
Galaxy J2: And I got affected by three days.
Galaxy J2: I'm so bad at an emergency surgery to read lines are going right to my heart, which was only about 10 inches away so never set right so I was kind of worried about the metal. I read about what could happen if that gets infected.
Galaxy J2: I don't even want to talk about what could happen and then they're worried about my heart and the car that want to do it. I had to get a different heart badger because my first one, one okay me now the second one I just want him.
Galaxy J2: Oh, a month ago and he okayed me after each of the EKG and
Galaxy J2: What else he do, I'll just sound.
Galaxy J2: Yeah.
Galaxy J2: So let's see how it goes. Maybe I can talk to you.
Magalie Marcellus: Next week,
Galaxy J2: And let you know.
Galaxy J2: I'm going in nursing home.
Galaxy J2: Afterwards, that works out.
I will
Magalie Marcellus: Some a seven will be the actual surgery date or is it the the updates.
Galaxy J2: Know that's surgery date. They're going to call me tomorrow and bring their
Galaxy J2: Bring enter the fifth
Magalie Marcellus: Or the
Galaxy J2: A couple tests think gonna do it all again.
Galaxy J2: But EKG and
Galaxy J2: Blood tests. I guess that's it.
Magalie Marcellus: So then what I'll do is probably gonna be two weeks then to give you time to go through in whatever treatment.
Magalie Marcellus: Then we can chat.
Galaxy J2: We're gonna, we're
Galaxy J2: Gonna go
Magalie Marcellus: And you'd be
Galaxy J2: Better
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so
Galaxy J2: My
Galaxy J2: Phone down my bone.
Galaxy J2: In the socket. The barn door.
Galaxy J2: dashes. Look at my x rayed I should have gotten done 10 years ago when I first started having problems with it.
Galaxy J2: Better Health, you know, even five years ago.
Galaxy J2: Anyway, I turned 62 and
Galaxy J2: I just realized I'm getting older, I want to be around from my kids.
Galaxy J2: my grandkids. How are you don't see I got
Galaxy J2: Purim and they lost her dad, my points Joey was killed on motorcycle.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, I'm yeah
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely worth checking into weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: See had things. So hopefully that you know the surgery will be completed and we look at the next
Galaxy J2: The next day,
Magalie Marcellus: That's that type thing. You want the six o'clock slot so have that. Oh.
Galaxy J2: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: If you want that.
Galaxy J2: Rock on the 30th of May.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, yes. Wednesday, May 13 at six o'clock.
Maggie,
Galaxy J2: Date, you're in
But
Galaxy J2: This is you're in Florida.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, the channel, get back
Galaxy J2: I got a lot of relatives in Florida, maybe one day I'll come see you
Magalie Marcellus: Sunday, but
Galaxy J2: They
Galaxy J2: Just
Galaxy J2: They clean. I didn't realize how bad it got over a million cases in the United States. I heard
Galaxy J2: Airborne
Galaxy J2: Don't know when they're in
Galaxy J2: And
Galaxy J2: Letting people out but 2000 are dying every day in this
Magalie Marcellus: Economy protect yourself away at all and
Galaxy J2: I've only does it
Galaxy J2: Take three times since this started. And that was just going to the store and I ever drive that little car around
Magalie Marcellus: This thing to do so.
Magalie Marcellus: Can get your the surgeries.
Magalie Marcellus: Coil
Magalie Marcellus: Good next face. Yes, I'll
Galaxy J2: Come on board part is doing the aftercare. The three days a week nurse comes in work.
Magalie Marcellus: With like because you have to do some physical therapy.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, that's
Galaxy J2: It.
We can
A week
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But, you know, in any event, if for whatever reason it can't keep that appointment. Does that mean. Oh, so it doesn't count against you. Okay.
Galaxy J2: Yeah, there's also call me back. Today's SHE GOT ME IN A PLACE OTHER net, if I can. I'm gonna have to come back here until I move into that place on Bronson's bus line.
Galaxy J2: Last
Galaxy J2: Fall was one try to take it, but I had all this money I old my vehicle was down of course money.
Galaxy J2: I have violated or
Magalie Marcellus: You got one thing at a time so
Galaxy J2: Yeah, I had nothing since 90 on my record.
Galaxy J2: I got a DUI.
Galaxy J2: Last fall, or it's been two years and I got, I can get Malaysian back after a year and my probation is done.
Galaxy J2: But
Find
Magalie Marcellus: My life. Why
Galaxy J2: Almost gotten paid
Galaxy J2: Paid $400 last week.
Galaxy J2: Oh yeah, you're getting there. So it's a little bit of time.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, enjoy your day your license back. So one thing
Magalie Marcellus: You know, one time. Absolutely.
Galaxy J2: You know, I don't have a lot of patience. I'm always
Galaxy J2: Had to do things fast on my life.
Galaxy J2: We farmed 1800 acres and
Galaxy J2: He was a wild man me commercial fish. He drank a lot and you own bar and then we worked a lot, but we we played a lot to
Galaxy J2: Miss my dad. I really do. And the business is gone now after he died, his wife sold it. She was 20 years younger than him. My mom died young.
Magalie Marcellus: Anyway Mr. Davey, I need to
Magalie Marcellus: Finish so I can get ready for my next appointment. But again, just keep me posted. Oh, then we'll meet in two weeks. So
All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Okay. For the Titan. So good luck with the surgery. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Okay.
Galaxy J2: I'll go at 57161 or 234 but I always you gotta check in.
Magalie Marcellus: That's that's the only way you get credit to come. So
Galaxy J2: Oh, I can't read it.
Magalie Marcellus: All right. Oh yes, I'm going to
Galaxy J2: start wearing my geez.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I take care of yourself VC.
Galaxy J2: Breathing real good.
Galaxy J2: Do you play
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. See, to take it.